Where they believe, for instance, in some areas and
democratic countries, both products and Catholics don't believe in
Christmas.
Well, I have nothing to do with issues here and I would not get into
an argument.
Senator, I guess the weather you should separate church and
safe and safe.
Senator, I guess, offer this country, in this country we have
complete separation of church and safe.
Well, I look under creative social issues.
All right.
He has free entry to a free market.
What does that mean?
You've got to, you can see the same as that here.
I haven't discussed this with you.
What does it mean?
I mean, this was the document.
Oh, ready to go.
I don't understand this.
I'm just asking you.
You handed it to me and it's not my document.
You asked for what I told you that he had handed one document
having some suggestions on the psychological warfare
of 30 persons.
Now look at that.
I don't, you must discuss it with him.
Now on page, he's got some pretty good ideas in here,
isn't he?
I know.
Let's look at this.
I'm not.
How many asked the question?
I know six questions.
Look at under item nine.
Under arm, arm for it to see.
He's got members of Democratic Party and key positions.
I can even ask the Republicans.
Then under, let's take items, can't.
No, I, I, I, I, you don't answer your question.
Well, I mean, this is the plan.
It's the hand that's doing it.
I'm trying to figure it out.
Well, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's,
and you're not.
One of the things that you can't say about Jackson,
he's not, he's not down.
And when, when you talk about, they, they, they,
they make the mistake here that I never make it.
I don't think of referring to the non-communist,
the Republican type of government as a democratic form.
I wish he wouldn't make that mistake.
Well, this is in the international field.
Look under community leaders.
He says, special appeals to leaders of community thought.
This is all around the world.
Led us to turn on better in the organization.
So forth, they don't.
But number.
That's Hannah.
He's got the Elks in the Nice to Columbus.
Well, I don't know whether they have an Elks large
and pocket-son or a life long with the Elks.
Mr. Jackson, you'll find things that the numerous,
but see what he says, here he suggests
for them the anti-inflammation program that you charging
about.
Why do you...
What's me finish?
Mr. Jackson, you must have finished.
What are you reading from?
I am reading from this document.
He is studying for what he thinks should be done.
You'll find that and he lists one of the things
that makes special appeals to the leaders of community
thought.
He does do for Carolyn Veterans' organization.
And he gives an example to Elks, Nice to Columbus,
etc.
But the one with that is not...
Well, I have good idea.
I understand, but is there an Elks large...
He's talking about the media areas of the world.
Is there an Elks large in Africa and Pakistan and so on?
Mr. Jackson, you know that he is talking here
about the utilization of local organizations.
He says, for Carolyn Veterans' organizations...
Well, this is all over the world.
Psychological warfare he's talking about.
Certainly, and he talks about making a special appeal
to the Sentinel and Veterans' organizations.
All right, now let's put it on with them.
Let's turn it...
Well, I want to explain how he's going to do it with these troops.
Now, let's turn to periodical.
Let me ask you this question.
Let me just...
Let me ask you.
Can I ask you this question?
I would like you to answer my question, but I...
In order to answer this, I have to get it clarified.
Do I understand that you feel there's something wrong
with making an appeal, giving information
to the Sentinel and Veterans' organizations?
Is there something ridiculous
or there's something funny about that?
No, but I'm asking you how he was going to do that.
I mean, this is just an outline.
Now, let's turn to periodical.
He has, here, under periodical.
I've paid unit space four.
Give me the number, would you?
Well, it's...
It's B under 15.
B under 15.
Now he's got...
A little further.
And then, then, a subsection B under that.
He has periodical and universal appeal.
Pictures, carcassoon, humor, pin-up.
One of the questions.
Wow, what kind of a Pokemon is he going to carry out
in one of the questions?
What's he used to pin-up?
That's the genus ejection.
Pictures, carcassons,
you don't have an important place
on the information program.
I'm directing the question.
I know.
As to a pin-up.
Sure.
I don't know what he's referring to with a pin-up.
We can all laugh on that one.
But if you go through this,
you'll find...
So that's it, the first time I've seen it.
Here's a pretty detailed suggestion
because of how you can put it through us.
In the anti-communist ideas,
my word for a misjudgment is much, much better
than putting out the 30,000-odd book
written by communist authors as we come out.
Let me just ask my question.
You also notice under advertising media
have billboards and cart-bind.
Really, Senator, when you look at this document,
I, in all seriousness,
you think that this qualified a man to investigate
a multi-million-dollar information agency
in all seriousness, Senator?
Mr. Dersham,
what is the answer to this?
I have a question every time I get fired.
Mr. Dersham, I look at this over.
I don't put it in the slide every time I'm here
with a million more details.
This shows me that this young man
is a good-of-them vacationing,
was giving a great deal of thought
to the information program,
and I might point out, Senator Dersham,
that in your space,
it's going to be quite an eight.
That's not my family's question.
I'm going to answer the question.
I'm going to answer your question.
In your space,
given investigation,
caused the cancellation of a
ten-million-dollar radio station,
the evidence for us,
the rest could have been built,
for about ten percent,
down outside of the magnetic storm area
with the same results,
given investigation,
regarded to what you may say about this,
this safely-American tax fair,
is a boat's $18 million.
Senator, that's just a matter of fact.
We saw it having this man go into it.
We did not give us the information that RTA and MIT had
endorsed this project.
We did not have any of that in the United States.
Given to its pocket committee,
and I think that I am in favor of our great-grandson.
You're in fact a mess, I'm here.
You're in fact.
I'll be glad to go over the record with you on Monday.
No, you're completely in fact.
Also, do you?
Senator Time has expired.
We did not give us any information.
Senator Potter, you have the floor.
Uh, the chair is facing.
He's going to be getting exploited these years.
I'm sure Senator Potter, he has just a couple of short questions.
Some of the time, we have three or four short questions.
And then, I'll read them.
I do think injustice is...
Every time an officer has been exhibited
by the discussing things entirely out of context.
And to the bad, it's unfair,
and it's so language-so-tu-reason.
And we will assist it to the public-ticket number in the record.
And the positive.
Whenever, of course,
the act you'll call your attention to that now famous automobile.
Right from the...
There's a courthouse in New York,
who on December the 17th,
when I'll be there to yourself,
and Mr. Cohen, Mr. Carr,
and Mr. Hatton,
when Adam, which, out of the justify,
I think, he missed his train three times.
On that day.
He also...
And I don't think this question has been asked.
If it had an anise,
it was asked while I was looking here.
But Mr. Adam testified that...
The conversation was by animated at the time,
to him himself and Mr. Cohen.
He could be justified
that the conversation was concerned.
David Stein and Mr. Cohen testified,
and I'll be you testified,
but the conversation related to General Law.
But every expected of that conversation,
but I wish to address your attention to,
as the statement that Mr. Adam has made,
and I'll be by a quote it's correctly,
after at a later date,
he talked with Mr. Carr,
concerning the animated conversation that he had with Mr. Cohen,
and Mr. Adam stated that he was let out
the middle of the street,
and had to get the cab to get to these people.
Mr. Carr, though,
who do you think you were to do that, Lee?
We did a thing what happens to send him a car to him.
Well, I'm my curiosity.
It's got the best of me.
What did happen to send him a car?
Well, just one minute.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm sorry, I was just trying to make some...
I'm fine with my wife, my wife, Jim, Jim, and you.
I took him a lot of my questions, and they're very well-taken.
I'm going to be straight away.
The situation, as far as the ride was roughly as far as we...
I arrived at a tunnel,
and I don't know New York City, well enough to tell you about three to the run.
We thought we should turn left,
so it gets Mr. Adam over the neighborhood
so we could make these trains.
I think there was a no left turn sign.
Mr. Cohn asked a placement if we could turn left,
and I believe that he may point to the edge or something he did.
The placement used language which I wouldn't want to repeat here.
In regard to the bad that the road I had,
and I told him to go ahead.
We went on down to the tunnel,
and we got to that.
I was also racing for the...
to get the roller, pick up my bags, get the plane,
and we told him that we could do this,
that he would get out and take a cab,
and go to the depot, and try and prank the takin' me on to the roller,
if we got there, and there was nothing...
I'm not unusual nature about the ride.
We continue to discuss the walking matter, I believe,
almost all the way to the hotel.
Then you had to have a commissioner Adam left the car.
You had no discolour, he would miss the Cohn.
I believe that he'd get the morning miss the Adam,
but the fact that at the entrance of the water,
you were left the car and made quite a hurry.
I mean, I left the car and the hurry,
I think right to age my...
I think it or not.
Somebody, Frank Rory, I believe carried my bus in the hotel,
and one of the things we discussed in the hotel
was the fact that Mr. Cohn would call dinner lost,
and I'm telling him about this kind of situation.
But it's here, time to put on the chair.
Sir, sir, sir, sir, sir, sir, sir, sir,
the morning there was no argument between yourself and Mr. Cohn.
No more trouble, no more not even a movement.
No problem.
All right, send the time again and before I recognize you,
the suggestion, the President and the column,
the chair and elected, when we have this executive testimony released
to the public to have it incorporated in our records,
so I have to be incorporated in the record,
to mark the appropriate exhibit number,
and Ruth, for Mrs. Cohn,
this is in the beginning of the transcript for this action and the session.
And the time is...
Mr. Cohn, and I have just four short questions to complete.
The final of the questions I was asking.
First, with a chair's permission, I've made an observation.
Something said about injustice to Mr. Cohn.
Some of us felt that in...
some of us felt that injustice to Mr. Cohn,
he should be allowed to testify to the hearings in his own defense.
Seems rather paradoxical, isn't it?
We have somebody with apparently as little interest in the proceedings as Mr. Cohn,
and do not plan now to call Mr. Cohn.
By the moment, I have four short questions here.
Did you see Father Cohn on any of the weekends that he had off the fortice?
We looked at the first part of your question.
You looked at our time.
There was no plan for proper conduct in the Father Cohn,
and therefore he would not be justified in taking up the time of the committee,
and he found something which doesn't exist.
If he all thinks he must defend the fact that he worked with the committee,
I just don't think that's necessary.
Number two, you said that, and I see maybe the weekend.
I don't think so.
I saw him down at the fort.
This was the day of the day.
The dance was...
The war airbates was right next to the fort, this morning evening.
Well, you don't think that he is of enough interest and he's participating to come here,
and testify that his name is important, and that's in the proceeding.
I think it's important, but I think it's more important for some of her slamming,
some of the things we're used to, you know, I'm a fan.
Tell me how come you got the protocol advisor, the member of the party,
and the guy at the hearing, I think that there are many witnesses who could be called.
If you and I want to name them off, we can say that's the name of...
I don't know how many times I've been talking about private time for a great many days.
Well, maybe we can talk about private time in the terminal too.
Well, the next question is, I'm sorry, I think, did you do any work with him on these weekends?
No, I didn't.
So, it was on the point of my slam.
I assume Roy Cohen told you that China is getting his path and working on the weekends.
Is that right?
I knew that he was working weekends.
All you knew about how he spent these weekends and is what Mr. Cohen told you?
No, is that right?
No.
That's what I know.
I know for the question.
Here I had one announcement to make before we reach that.
I had been advised by the Sergeant's arms of the Senate.
At the arrow left, which is going to take place Monday at 10.01,
is not going to include the House and Senate Office of the Troids who come here will know
that we can proceed with our customer business and that's arrow left is not introduced.
The Senate reaches the Senate office with the chairman.
Mr. Chairman.
I'd like my round of applause.
By the way, I should announce that Mr. Cohen's behalf re-inverts from General Kelly.
And your department has been invented.
Mr. Chairman.
I don't want to be excused from national guard training or anything else.
I would like my regular round before the afternoon is over.
So ask some questions which might develop true facts about some of the things which Mr. Jackson said here this afternoon.
As well, we have already been sent to our unit.
He's on the front.
We had agreed to reach that at 430.
He made his show say this month and I'm sure the press will deal with the service.
The document prepared the Mr. Shine has now been released and it's entire.
And as the man who has been the right to the right to the American act,
let me say that it is not indeed a losing piece of work.
I read it over.
It has some very worthwhile suggestions, Mr. Cohen.
I agree to that.
And you may ask my section to share to our Monday about that document.
The General recess will come.
In the department.
That's correct.
Bob.
Thank you.
You have just heard Chairman Mullen out.
The next session of a hearing will be on Monday at 10AM.
The ABC Television Network is bringing you the complete hearing into the McCarthy Army Controvers.
The session is breaking out.
There's no McCarthy stand on your behind committee table.
So, under McCarthy talking with Jack Lava, the associated text, Jack developing a little further information on this inquiry and on the witness and the testimony that was given today.
Mr. Jenkins is telling the reporters there at the committee table about the announcement just made by Senator Muntson, the effect that Mr. Roy Cohen has been granted a postponement for an indefinite period of time from the National Guard training that he has both started tomorrow.
The request was made by the committee.
Mr. Jenkins, thank you for moving out of the caucus room.
It's made clear.
Cluster of reporters around Senator Potter and Mr. Jenkins.
Senator Carl Muntson is also announced that there will be a nationwide air raid test on Monday morning at 10 o'clock.
However, that does not affect the working to this committee, the Senate and the House of Representatives and their various establishments on Capitol Hill and Washington, D.C. are an autonomous portion of the city of Washington, D.C.
The matter of fact, they're so autonomous, they have their own police force, the separate and distinct from the Metropolitan Police Force, Washington, D.C.
They're good spectators filing from the Senate caucus room after the afternoon session.
They are the Capitol police moving in to make the way free for the spectators to file comfortably out of the committee room without just the colleagues there.
This is Joseph McCotty leaving the committee room with their husband, the senator from Wisconsin.
The other sub-dripes and rags with a brief summary of the testimony of this session today.
This afternoon, Senator Joseph McCotty was under examination by the members of the committee itself and also by Mr. Wells, who was the counsel for the Army.
In the testimony of this afternoon, it was brought out that the front-out time Jackson, the number of telephone calls were made between Cribe Chin and Cohn and General Rebirth and about the commission for Mr. Chin of the alleged commission for Mr. Chin.
Jackson, I raised the question whether the subcommittee paid for these long-distance calls.
Jackson said many workshops to the subcommittee, Senator McCotty, said that Chin may have re-emburced the subcommittee for these telephone calls.
Later, Senator Jackson brought up a six-page pamphlet which was prepared by Mr. Chin, prior to his going with the committee and was used in the voice of America investigation.
The pamphlet is supposedly two-served as one of the criteria for securing the services of Mr. Chin as an investigator for the permanent investigating subcommittee.
Now here is Gunner Back talking with Senator Carman.
Gunner Back speaking from the Senate Carcasseroom, a term of months, one or two questions.
What how will this document of Mr. Shind on a plan for the information program come back into this thing?
Well, it's come back Monday.
I doubt it as well. I think that was just a sort of a map-and-day diversion which we had on Friday afternoon.
Actually, I read the document over during the time that they were discussing it and it made a lot of sense.
The reason that the man who wrote the voice of America Bill, the reason it sounded kind of funny on the radio, was that you wrote the voice of America Bill?
Yes, that's correct. And a lot of the things that he mentions are being used in different sections of the world.
And I think the idea of having a coordinated solid feeling of free men around the world makes for not a sense.
So then here's the view in general approval of this document, so that's the full.
Well, I would say the right, a proof of that at the standpoint of its contenting is some creative and some constructive suggestions.
Like all the other ideas about the rights of America, they cost money.
Well, I was looking at how possibly could have modern doubt every...
I was able to pick up the last part of Mr. Cohen came in and said that he thought that there ought to be more discussion on that.
Well, he thought of, if we should ask some more questions to bring the facts out, the Senate ejection was reading with necessarily out of context.
He didn't do it deliberately, but along document he picked a word here in a sentence there which out of context didn't sound very sensible.
But if you relate it all to the first three paragraphs which were followed by a Cohen, after which you made about 20 or 30 suggestions, then they have a great deal more significant than mine.
Well, I don't know if they'll bring up the specific questions.
Yeah, I think you don't do that.
Have we got to have our television people know we serve this community and gunner back?
Being in a Mellow Mood on Friday, we didn't necessarily execute it.
We are charging.
We're charging him with bringing some of the blenders in here.
Just to create a nice television.
So, this is your figure, sir? That's my figure, sir.
Hello, I'll tell you a few things. I'm going to keep these things going for six more weeks.
Well, with a set like that, we probably would have whatever stuff.
One more thing, this is what I'm going to tell me about the ultra-forks at for the terminus.
I can tell you that Mr. Wells told me at the beginning of the session today.
I said to one side, he said he would like to have the free session a little early today.
I'm going to be soon to get back to Boston.
And he said, you'll be interested in knowing it as far as I can for a few.
We should be out of here by Wednesday or Thursday of next week.
And since he and the main will be the person asking the questions from Nalan,
I give you that as a pretty good process.
Oh, I thank you very much. I'm going to tell you this a few more days.
All right, Gunner.
We'd love to have you with us.
It looks very valid and very well.
Well, I deny everything.
We've been Gunner's back. I've been talking to Chairman Carl Muntz,
speaking from the time of the time of the time.
That's why I'd like to once again, some years at this time.
There is a chart for Senator McCarthy brought into the committee room with the start of his direct examination
on Wednesday afternoon late.
Senator Committee Compton, Mr. Ray Jenkins, is talking with members of the press,
and with him is General Fox, who has come to the committee room today,
to get the Senate to call Muntz.